Proof reading II (#733)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/plugins/terminal.rst

   :local:
   :depth: 2

> Terminal plugins contain information on how to prepare a particular network device's SSH shell that is properly initialized to be used with Ansible. This typically includes disabling automatic paging, detecting errors in output, and enabling privileged mode if supported and required on the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terminal plugins contain information on how to ensure that a particular network device's SSH shell is properly initialized to be used with Ansible. This typically includes disabling automatic paging, detecting errors in output, and enabling privileged mode if the device supports and requires it.
```
